Remove docs for histogram and average endpoints (#279)
nasa/cumulus-api: content/stats.md

## Summary

> Retrieve a summary of statistics around the granules in the system. The `collections` returned are the number of distinct collections for the granules active during the given time period, defaulted to the last day if none is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve a statistical summary of the granules in the system. The `collections` returned are the number of distinct collections for the granules active during the given time period, defaulted to the last day if none is specified.
```
